[receiver/hostmetrics] add EntityState entity event as log record for host (#33928)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-contrib: receiver/hostmetricsreceiver/README.md

```
export OTEL_RESOURCE_ATTRIBUTES="service.name=<the name of your service>,service.namespace=<the namespace of your service>,service.instance.id=<uuid of the instance>"
```
## Entity Events

> The hostmetrics receiver can send host entity event as log. See the [Entites Data Model](https://github.com/open-telemetry/oteps/blob/main/text/entities/0256-entities-data-model.md#entity-events) spec for more details. By default, hostmetrics receiver sends periodic EntityState event every 5 minutes. You can change that by setting `metadata_collection_interval`.

Reviewer: Please mention that this is experimental log-based entities that eventually will be replaced by the result of the OTEP

> **Entity Events as logs are experimental** and might eventually be replaced by the result of the OTEP. The hostmetrics receiver can send the host entity event as a log. See the [Entites Data Model](https://github.com/open-telemetry/oteps/blob/main/text/entities/0256-entities-data-model.md#entity-events) spec for more details. By default, the hostmetrics receiver sends periodic EntityState events every 5 minutes. You can change that by setting `metadata_collection_interval`. Entity Events as logs are experimental. The result of the OTEP might eventually replace that.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Entity Events as logs are experimental** and might eventually be replaced by the result of [the OTEP](https://github.com/open-telemetry/oteps/blob/main/text/entities/0256-entities-data-model.md#entity-events). For now, the hostmetrics receiver can send the host entity event as a log records. By default, the hostmetrics receiver sends periodic EntityState events every 5 minutes. You can change that by setting `metadata_collection_interval`. Entity Events as logs are experimental. The result of the OTEP might eventually replace that.
```
